The intervention was done with cylinder room exchange.
Is that right, son?
Mr. Chairman, it is still in the room,
and it's just as it is today.
As far as I know, no one in my staff has ever used any
impropagnes to get any influence from Mr. Shine.
I believe Mr. McKaycee,
and may I ask you for those telephone
suits you gave us the other day?
I think, I think, over a significant first.
I may see you, maybe,
maybe available center, I'm sorry we don't have them at this
particular moment.
Can I proceed?
Yes, please.
Okay, let's go to the office now and try this.
Okay.
If there are any further statements on here,
you'd get to make it this time now,
and I assume there are life questions.
Now that you have those telephone suits before you?
No, that's a particular time.
Not a particular time.
Now, something you go further in this letter,
and the next thing you say,
this way, of course,
have a right to do this individual.
If you're idea now,
how can I do that?
Mr. Cohen, you see,
please, counsel.
Mr. Carr, you see,
some thousand thousand,
there's a record you say.
Have a right to, from time to time,
in a dean with the president of the Army and the secretary
Mr. Steven, on behalf of China,
if they did, it was individual.
First, first, Mr. Mr....
Now, then, let's take your time to that day.
He says, I guess you know,
and then make an explanation.
Yes, I will.
What can mean? Is that life?
I will have to, yes, you know.
And then I'll tell you,
because there's no other...
Now, what is the answer?
This is the answer, is it no?
First, Mr. Duncan,
can you ask a question,
in which facts are not an record?
I must correct you.
There's no evidence.
Number one, Mr. Carr, ever intervene.
There's a plan...
Let me read the question.
This way, of course,
have a right to do this individual.
Now, do you mean the fact?
That's the fact.
That they had a right to do the same set forth in...
The first sentence of your letter to whip.
Any reason we were department in behalf of a farmer's house
in southern David China.
Like, do you mean Mr. Corn and Mr. Carr?
Other members of his house had a right to do that.
We have to do this individual.
Now, Senator, I think...
The answer is...
Yes, the answer is yes.
Yes, anybody has a right to do it.
And then I...
At this point, Mr. Duncan,
reads the...
Into the record a recommendation...
Of an individual who holds a position much higher than...
Mr. Corn and Mr. Carr.
Mr. W. Dender, the Dean of Carbury College.
May I read his recommendation?
I think you can call this intervention.
I think nothing improper about it.
He says, I'm very happy to recommend Mr. Gerard David China
for a commission in the US Navy.
I've known David for almost ten years.
He was a student of Philip's Academy and over...
When I taught there before I was in the Navy in the last war.
I had him for a year in one of my American history classes...
And saw a great deal of him at that time.
Since then, I have seen him as a student of Harvard.
I came back to Harvard in 1945...
And he was under my jurisdiction until he's graduation years...
Or last summer.
I believe that he has exceptionally strong qualifications...
For a naval officer.
He has developed greatly in the last few years...
And has now a person of unusual maturity and thoughtfulness.
There's no question whatsoever...
Of his integrity or of his loyalty to the United States.
His greatest talent lies in the field of business management.
I know of no person of his age...
Who has as much business ability as he has.
He has a very orderly mind...
A capable of understanding complicated problems...
And of working out practical solutions to them.
He has an unusual amount of initiatives and imaginations...
About affairs and has I think a promising future ahead of him.
He is a good judge of human beings...
And can work well with others.
From the point of view of reliability...
Intelligence, energy, initiatives...
I can imagine few people...
Better qualified for an officer's commission.
I say this on the basis of many discussions...
With him and along with friendship.
I recommend him strongly and without reservations.
From the early years, W.J. Bender, D. D. Farber's Law College...
And I read...
You know, Farber College.
May I say this to the Senkans I read that in...
Just to...
And to turn them into a statement about the field of anyone...
As they write to recommend any other individual for a commission...
If he thinks that individual is qualified in so long...
As he does not exert any improper pressures...
And there were no improper pressures with him.
Does it mean you read the letter from the man in no way connected...
With any branch of the government of the United States of America?
I don't think he's connected with the government.
Here's top of courses.
A part of the legislative branch of the government isn't it?
I think that's right.
How Senator W.O.C. was the secretary of the Army...
Mr. Steven Darmist Adam's example.
To differentiate between a caller, a talker, a request...
On the part of Mr. Gorn and Mr. Carr...
In their official capacity.
And in their individual or private capacity.
How could he do it? How would he know?
Simply because I told him repeatedly...
That by all my...
Anyone my committee had a right approach to a five-per-commission.
Anyone my committee who had any knowledge of what an individual...
Had not only the right for the duty to transmit the information...
To the proper authority.
I told him, when I called again to lean over backwards...
He had not given any commissions to China...
And that he was dead, certainly, as entitled to it...
So that there was no question whatsoever...
And Mr. Steven's mind, Mr. Cohn, I agree with that.
Mr. Cohn, as far as I know, his conversation...
As far as I know, there was no...
Special considerations.
And as far as I know, there was no question whatsoever...
There was no question whatsoever.
I was curious, no one was going to be...
No, no.
Mr. Cohn, Mr. Carr, you talk to the secretary.
When Mr. Cohn or you are Mr. Carr...
Any member of your staff talk to the secretary or the chancellor...
Any of you as far as you know, say now, Mr. Steven...
We're not here officially.
Not here, the United States, none of it.
My...
I think the council is not here in that capacity...
But we're here as individuals.
Was whatever done to you and Ollie?
Mr....
Uh...
I think when I thought to the secretary...
I made it very clear I was taking a term of the committee...
I made it very clear...
And I just hit your feet just over and over...
That's because of that, I wanted him to lean over backwards...
And not give any considerations to Mr. Cohn...
Mr. Carr as far as the testimony is concerned...
Never spoke to Mr. Steven about this matter...
And I think that...
I think the best testimony on this with Mr. Jenkins...
Is Mr. Steven's own testimony...
Under all...
I'm saying 53-11 when he says all his conversation about...
Cohn's thing to get the special consideration for Cohn...
Is greatly exaggerated and the fact he says there's nothing to it.
Now when the secretary says that...
I...
I personally agree with this...
I believe he says that the senator is a cheap soul to take a day and that doesn't.
On the seven occasions to lean over backwards...
To lean a thing for Cohn...
Is that right?
I told the secretary specifically on the...
The date of the breakfast and the sign of the party...
I told him...
In a letter, it's essentially the same thing, whatever you have before you...
Uh...
Well, that's not...
I think that's not about the current...
Let me call your attention to the specific times when your late sir Tony Mac.
May not, October.
May 25-03 is the record.
When you wait until I get the last minute...
It's three seconds.
That's 25-03.
The senator is looking up this material and why we have the opportunity, but...
Oh wait, maybe I've got it here.
Reading senator.
Wait, wait just one second.
May 25-03.
Now we have him.
He made a remark to the effect that time was not as much use to the committee...
And was only interested in being photographed...
And that he hoped that nothing would happen to interfere with the processes of the draft...
And that time would be drafted.
Now you are a late sir by much Adams to have said...
As early as October 15th...
That you hope time would be drafted.
Now that's number one on your party if that occurs.
Is that a curse, senator?
That is finally asking for a special consideration.
But what I understand, I'm reviewing the number of times in which you're asking them to lean over backwards...
And maybe if you say doing kind and injustice...
Uh...
You've got a curse, senator.
Then you pick the position.
That time just sees the same segment as any other boy.
Is that right?
The position of the scientist should receive only what he was entitled to.
There it is.
And I want to step further and as I say I may have been unfair to Dave and this...
And I suggested that he lean over backwards.
That means that in a fact, if there was any doubt...
But he not to give him the benefit of the doubt.
I did that however in the presence of Dave's time...
He agreed with me, otherwise I would not have done it.
Now I will prove you that it did defeat 25-29 of the record.
And the kids keep in mind he is still...
After all these promotions, after all the special considerations...
He is still a fighter.
I understand that.
I'm asking you to refer to page 25...
...but in I as a record.
And were you asking a question about 25 or three...
The question was...
...Sendir as a statement was that...
...albaticism, as early as October 15th...
...you were telling Adam...
...not to do anything for sound.
Uh...
I don't think that I ever told...
...like I'm sure I never told Adam that I hope Dave would be drafted.
Well you just just stayed with him, I think, on that occasion.
And indicated that he wanted nothing special done for him.
Is that right?
I think that's very well.
I think that's...
I haven't been proceeding senators November 3rd.
Take 25-29 of the record.
25-29.
In which?
I'm Adam Says this.
I'm quite sure it was not a telephone call.
But Senator McCarthy said to me that he did not feel that...
...this February duty for China was a good thing.
That he felt that people...
...members of the President might be critical.
I still was him.
A critical was China, a mythical...
...our list committee.
Mike's in cities it was a form of...
...preparations of seats.
And he would prefer...
...and he asked if I had a range.
They have a separate duty schedule.
That's...
...the second time now Senator that she's taken a position.
With the data...
...that you wanted nothing in the way of preferences done for days, I...
...next for the rest of the...
Then on November 7th, the third time...
...when you call the secretary of the Army and the call was monitored...
...you in that conversation with messages of nothing be done, please.
That's correct, isn't it?
You're not correct.
Then Senator...
...honor about December 17th.
You're led to have recommended a member of your staff...
...for intervening for China according to the testimony of Godhead.
I'll ask you whether or not you took the same position on December 17th...
...you said it before taking the issue.
That is if you wanted nothing done for China.
I never recommended any member of the staff...
...because I didn't think that...
...but I think you take the position at that time on that day...
...September 17th.
I think you wanted him to have the same treatment as any other...
...private in the Army out of house.
I think I'm not the official Mr. Jenkins at all times...
...including that 70th day of September.
And that would take...
...senatured by the count...
...at least four different times in this record...
...that you took that attitude.
A little trick.
Send him a car safe fire, which is necessary for you and United States.
The staffs, the party, is a record...
...and you are a mission at least...
...four times...
...to the Department of the Army...
...to stressing them to do nothing...
...that would be considered...
...to the Department of Statement for China...
...if you didn't know and have certain knowledge...
...that efforts on the part of Dumbloty...
...perhaps members of your staff were being made...
...to the Department of the Army to get the opportunity for that.
I think Mr. Laird explained the letter already...
...and the result of that...
...well, sorry, it's my...
...the twenty-three...
...one-eighths and twenty-three...
...so the staff will make long before we letter...
...the staffs will make twenty-four seconds...
...with explain letter briefly.
As far as the monitor...
...we got to take some separately.
As far as the monitor, four hundred sites of concerns...
...I had decided that, let it be unwise...
...they have given temporary duty with my committee.
I felt I'd to tell the secretary of the atmosphere...
...and I had discussed that matter.
The family, the conversation with the Adam...
...and the trustee of other and up...
...he should get the ID with the committee...
...and I thought he said, nah...
...uh...
...that's been a lot of the other...
...the other occasion that I'd recommended someone...
...that that's better than true.
I did not recommend that...
So, if you said that I'll let it be...
...you'd say that if you wanted no preferences...
...you'd not let it be.
No, I...
...I said that to Dr. Duncan of you...
...I don't want to get close to you, but to record those two...
...I said that at all times...
...I say to the position...
...that no one in my committee...
...that I'll be with the military science...
...and get no special treatment.
This is the position I take.
Period.
But Senator, my question is...
...five of us is meant to say that...
...you have five days you on these occasions...
...that we have just...
...good times of year.
The Parliament of the Army is three days...
...secondary, it's councillor...
...and not all these basic occasions say not here.
The kind of just...
...another bar of these don't do anything...
...how the ordinary sector frames.
No, no, no.
Senator, if you do that and you find it necessary...
...advisable to do that...
...if you didn't know...
...that Mr. Conor's done about it...
...it's putting a little too much pressure...
...on the army to get something...
...how we ought to make them for this fall.
I'm about to tell you.
Well, that's what I want you to do.
I'll find it over again, Mr. Duncan.
We've got to take the instance...
...one by one, the first one...
...over in the China Five-Planterns...
...there are students brought up another of our commissioners.
I'm a fan of mute.
I had to give him my position.
I did that.
The next time when I talked to the madam...
...about not having...
...signifying the temporary duty...
...it was because they had a funding...
...to CAD with my committee.
Temporary duty with my committee.
I discussed that Mr. Sine was the tone...
...we decided that was unwise.
Either I asked mute and not tell him...
...or getting the facts to let.
The other...
...based with you mentioned...
...in December 17th.
Nothing occurred on that date.
So, you know, not that out.
Now, what did the third...
...I think the third was the latter.
I'd explain that in full.
Tell you.
You see, Mr. Duncan, I...
...as Chairman of the committee...
...of Mr. Duncan's firm, Mr. Adams...
...bring up a matter.
I had no choice but to...
...tell him how I...
...tell him about it and I did that.
There's nothing secret about it.
It's not that I don't know.
I don't know.
You were doing it in self defense.
You know, I was.
Well, you say, Senator, that you did that...
...that on every occasion, if you ever talked to Mr. Sine...
...the Miss Adams.
You said, do not favor this by.
And as I understand it, now you're telling the members of the committee...
...that Mr. Steven's and Mrs. Adams initiated a proposition...
...of doing something out of the ordinary.
You thought the hammer, right about that?
Well, I learned, for example, Mr. Steven was told Mr. Sine...
...and telling you the stuff he was looking for...
...from a Priceless Landland find.
I didn't like that.
I felt that was improper.
And I had no choice but to make that known...
...Mr. Adams and Mrs. Sine.
When Mr. Adams said he brought up the question of...
...the day of drafts in the subway...
...I couldn't stand mute.
I thought it was to be drafted.
He should do it as any other young man.
Just the logic Lancers.
Mr. Steven's over in the Sine Fortale...
...rather in the World War Fortale...
...brought up the question of a commission.
I either couldn't mute.
Or told him I felt.
I told him I felt.
And I called him over and made sure he was standing there.
That was, that was his early September 60th.
I think that was the day.
In the World War Fortale, the Shines of the Black...
...and the hero of the...
...Mr. Steven's brought up the subject, I did not.
I'll do it in the subway in the subway station.
Is that what I said?
In the subway also, Mr. Adams brought up the subject.
I did not.
And you can't excuse me for answering them, Mrs. Sine.
I can't handle them.
I'm not accusing you of anything.
I'm really asking you for the facts with reference to the...
...the subject because they think that...
...you will recall the Secretary said to them...
...on his acute order the subject of the commission...
...for Shines on September 16th.
You say that didn't happen.
That is a completely incorrect statement.
I am his secretary himself.
Robert Steven.
I mean, I'm right.
This is in the Shines of the Black...
...in September 16th that they shined in a commission.
Mr. Steven, Mr. Steven, so we don't appear to accuse him of poetry...
...Mr. Steven said that he was very hazy...
...about the conversation that morning.
I am not hazy about it.
Mr. Steven brought up the subject of Shines...
...and I don't want to go over the conversation again.
I don't want to go over the conversation again.
But Mr. Steven brought up the subject.
The usual column meeting with Mr. Steven...
...is on January 14th at the Cal Army.
Senator, what's the meeting with Mr. Steven?
On January 14th.
That's the...
...before he left for the parties for the...
...I...
Yes, I recall that meeting.
Senator, I call your attention to the facts that Mr. Steven...
...that's the facts.
But what you give me the facts is...
Based number 390, I'm tired.
That's the Secretary of the Army, Mr. Fad...
...before this committee.
That a Fad meeting of January 14th, 1954, to Cal Army.
Senator, I'm a cardin, the course of this meeting...
...and I'm meeting Mervaigum.
On four five occasions.
Senator, I'm a cardin, about as a question of whether or not...
...saving time could be a time in New York City...
...when his training was over.
Is that the courage, Senator MacArthur?
No, not at not at the court.
Did you ask?
That's 60-pound one-pound.
The fact is, there's four or five times a week.
But would you wait one minute for my rate this month?
Take 390.
If you wait one minute for my rate, the market's called...
...and Steven's called me that day to come out.
That's the number card they've called, Steven.
Senator MacArthur is looking through his notes at the moment...
...on the left, Mr. Car and the right, Mr. Car.
In the background, to the left, Senator, Mr. Jim Juliana, has that meant...
...to be on the right.
Yes, I do. I'm the readingist, one of its all, on the same day...
...to play all the fighting mind.
The question is, did I ask him to assign a day-time New York...
...the answer to this note?
That is no.
Did you ask him one round?
No, I'm not asking.
No, Mr. Steven's asked to see me that day.
I did not ask him.
But just so there's no question about this New York thing.
Mr. Car, Bob Steven's that day, talking about the...
...principles of the quarries, principally the question of how they're not really...
...dysent and are falling as the...
...wallyboard, while he was away, I told him we couldn't...
...and we wouldn't hurt him anyway.
He did bring up the question of the inconvenience of the committee...
...of having to head down to see David at the camp.
Are you talking about, I don't get you, I have 14 people.
I'm January 14th, I believe the camp board...
...nerdicts that are unaware of them.
And he asked what I thought the day...
...would be of most benefits.
I told him that I thought they would have to follow the usual...
...astitute tests and decide that themselves.
He brought up the question of our investigation of...
...Army Intelligence, the textbook.
And we discussed the possibility, the wisdom...
...of they're having a team.
We agreed that it had to be headed by an officer at the Fish and Ranks...
...so we'd have access to all the materials.
And he suggested, I agree with him, that...
...if they could get 15 20 young men who were competent and sealed...
...to make a survey of the Army War Colleagues.
I told him about the various complaints we had about...
...the use of the coming to flying material.
We are Army War Colleagues, type of lecturers...
...type of indoctrination material we had complaints about...
...give me examples of that.
So, while we are very little on what points we had...
...some complaints about that by anything about that...
...and we just had a general discussion about...
...otherness, Ray couldn't do that themselves...
...without arguing it and he suggested that...
...he prompted you to stay in that particular type of work.
And I said to him, and he agreed to be...
...I said to him that if he did...
...he had to be very, very careful not to appear to be...
...creating any forced birth for Dave Shine...
...because it would be misunderstood...
...it would be bad for the committee, bad for us...
...and the names of New York watching him...
...west point Army War Colleagues always mentioned...
...I made no request that Dave be assigned any flight.
Period. The only request I made was...
...that rather advice I gave to Secretary was that...
...he made very careful and handling anyone from my committee...
...so it wouldn't appear that...
...we were using our committee to get any...
...sputial considerations for him.
As we understand it now, the very worst of the...
...specissary testimony is to...
...he suggested that Shine be assigned...
...to New York A.R. perhaps elsewhere...
...in that meeting on January 14th and not to be.
Is that correct now, Senator MacKythe?
Uh, it's the door beyond that.
It's still in the federal New York area.
How do you want the committee to see...
...the conversation about Kythe?
I don't think it had to do with New York so much...
...the first few inflations are all in the area.
Senator, those as we can get along...
...you say that positively and definitely...
...you did not ask the Secretary of the Army...
...to assign these kinds of New York A.R.
So if you didn't ask him even one time, is that right?
That is correct.
But the subject of assignment for Shine was...
...the suspect that's correct.
That is correct.
And that's the Secretary of the Army initiated.
That's the second.
That is correct.
The Secretary is not asking you to evaluate...
...his testimony in his packet, either.
I think the Secretary of the Ministry initiated the time...
...subject in his testimony.
Senator...
...you will call the testimony of Mr. Adams...
...with respect to the meeting in New York apartment...
...of January 23rd.
I recall his testimony...
...that out on page 26, 21 of the records.
And in which he says that on that occasion...
...on the number of occasions...
...day leaving the Senator's rescatement...
...is inquired to why we didn't assign Shine to New York...
...and on to a three occasions.
He accepted the extractic commitment from the meeting...
...that effect.
Did that happen, Senator?
No, it's not.
What's that?
It's not bad.
Nothing.
No substance in that room.